so these symbols up for review here are
something a bit different they're just a
small selection from the dream
dark-matter series they're straight from
the furnace they're filthy in your hands
and they've got this kind of smoky blue
hue to them which i think looks
fantastic
now that finish is due to the unique
repeated firing process that dream use
that creates extreme stress on the metal
and it changes the the metal of the
symbol on a molecular level now to begin
with let's take a look at the 14 inch
hats so these like the rest of the range
are double fired they're both medium to
heavy weight and the top hat is lathe up
to a point is lathe just up to the Bell
which is left raw and unlived and the
bottom hat is completely unlaced and
they've got this great sort of heavy
meaty aggressive tone to them but
they're comfortable to play and a really
nice tone but let's just see how they
sound
so the 18-inch crash is up next it's an
energy crash again medium to heavy and
weight like the 14-inch hats it's got an
unlace bell but a lathe body with
minimal hammering around as you can see
it's dirty to the touch which is great
means it's nice and raw gives it that
sort of rich sound its aggressive it's
got a big attack full of attitude and a
nice long sustain as well and I think
it's um it's great it's beautifully loud
so it can be used in any number of
settings let's hear it in context so I
don't know if you noticed there but I
actually switched to a heavier stick and
the 18 inch energy crash really
responded to that I think once you lay
the shank of your stick against the the
edge of this crash really really opens
up in a much more responsive way than it
did when I was playing with the lightest
sticks with the 70s which are also maple
so again even lighter let's take a look
now at the 20 inch ride so the moon ride
is characterized by this large unlaced
bell here again we've got minimal lading
and very shallow hammer marks around the
cymbal it's heavy
it's pretty monstrous actually it's
double fired like the rest of them and
sound it's characterized I think by a
drives of cutting high pitch
it's got a lot of definition the bell is
particularly pronounced and it's a nice
crash - especially with a heavier stick
and with in heavier settings again let's
hear it in context
you
so last but by no means least in this
series actually it's my personal
favorite we've got the 20 inch flat
earth symbol this is later under firing
it's got some slightly more complex
hammer marks than the others and this
micro bell which means it's got an
incredibly flat profile event if you can
see that there but yeah as you can see
flat as a pancake the tone is kind of
gritty it's complex it's got a richness
that you'd expect from a hand hammered
ride and it's pretty damn wild as far as
I'm concerned I think it's a great great
combination of stick articulation and
the complexity in richness and warmth
that I would require from a ride or a
crash right so let's hear how it sounds
with the rest of the kit
so that's the dream Dark Matter theory
symbols it's my guess that these will
take a little bit of time to to play in
to mature and evolve with your playing
so whether or not you know the sound is
something that you can work with in your
musical setting is is up to you
obviously but you can rest assured that
the uniqueness of these symbols alone
definitely makes them a sound investment
we'll see you next time